Add end-of-year blog post for SPOC Community (#5655)
galaxyproject/training-material: news/_posts/2024-12-18-spoc.md

---
title: "🖖🏾Galaxy SPOC Community: Year in Review"
contributions:
  authorship:
    - nomadscientist
    - pavanvidem
tags:
  - gtn
  - communications
  - single-cell
layout: news
cover: "news/images/spoc_images/2024_spoc.png"

> coveralt: "A group of people standing along a staircase holding up the Vulcan salute forSPOC: 'Live long and prosper'. They look relatively happy. Taken at 2024 Galaxy Community Conference."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
coveralt: "A group of people standing along a staircase holding up the Vulcan salute for SPOC: 'Live long and prosper'. They look relatively happy. Taken at 2024 Galaxy Community Conference."
```
